
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

[![minimal R
version](https://img.shields.io/badge/R%3E%3D-4.0.3-brightgreen.svg)](https://cran.r-project.org/)
[![Licence](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## Research compendium for artemisinin resistance consensus modelling

This is an analysis compendium for reproducible analysis. The analysis
directory contains R and Python scripts used to generate the results.

### Installation

    git clone https://github.com/OJWatson/art_resistance_consesus_modelling.git
    cd art_resistance_consesus_modelling
    open art_resistance_consesus_modelling.Rproj
    devtools::install_deps()

### Overview

The structure within analysis is as follows:

    |
    |──R/                      # R functions used throughout analysis
    |
    |──analysis/
       |
       ├── 00_<>.R             # analysis scripts
       |
       ├── data/
       │   ├── DO-NOT-EDIT-ANY-FILES-IN-HERE-BY-HAND
       │   ├── raw/            # data obtained from elsewhere
       │   └── derived/        # data generated during the analysis
       |
       ├── plots/              # plots generated by analysis
       |
       ├── tables/             # table generated by analysis

### Compendium DOI:

<https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4912574>

The files at the URL above will generate the results as found in the
publication. The files hosted at
github.com/OJWatson/art\_resistance\_consesus\_modelling are the
development versions and may have changed since the report was published

### Overview of contents

This repository is our research compendium for our analysis of
<https://github.com/OJWatson/art_resistance_consesus_modelling>. The
compendium contains all data, code, and text associated with the
publication. The `R` and `Python` files in the `analysis` directory
contain details of how all the analyses reported in the paper were
conducted, as well as instructions on how to rerun the analysis to
reproduce the results. The `data/` directory in the `analysis/`
directory contains all the raw and derived data generated.

### The R package

This repository is organized as an R package. There are only a few R
functions exported in this package - the majority of the R code is in
the analysis directory. The R package structure is here to help manage
dependencies, to take advantage of continuous integration, and so we can
keep file and data management simple.

To download the package source as you see it on GitHub use this line at
the shell prompt (assuming you have Git installed on your computer):

``` r
git clone https://github.com/OJWatson/art_resistance_consesus_modelling.git
```

Once the download is complete, open the
`art_resistance_consesus_modelling.Rproj` in RStudio to begin working
with the package and compendium files. We will endeavour to keep all
package dependencies required listed in the DESCRIPTION. This has the
advantage of allowing `devtools::install_dev_deps()` to install the
required R packages needed to run the code in this repository. Then run
`devtools::load_all(".")` to load the R functions in the package and you
are ready to go through the analysis scripts. Lastly, we include the
session Info (`sessionInfo()`) to help troubleshoot if the above steps
have been taken and code is not working.

### Other Code language scripts

Some analysis and figure generation was conducted using other code
languages other than R. These are also contained in the `analysis`
directory. Tracking their dependencies and similar is outside the scope
of this research compendium and as such any packages/libraries required
for this are documented in the analysis script themselves.

### Licenses

Code: [MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) year: 2021, copyright
holder: OJ Watson

Data: [CC-0](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
attribution requested in reuse
